# Study a heterogeneous ring polymer in Lammps

In a simulation directory, there are 4 files: **initial_config.data**, **min_init_config.lmp**, **input.lmp**, and **submit.sh**. The data file is generated by means *Moltemplate* and is a hetergenoues ring polymer in a helical conformation. The bash file contains information about running LAMMPS on a PC in serial or on a HPC facility in parallel. This bash script calls LAMMPS twice; it calls LAMMPS first to minimize the initial helical conformation and second to equilibrate the system and produce thermodynamically equlibrated states. These two calls are explained in details below.

The bond energies are too highs in the helical conformation; as a result, bonding monomers with the FENE potential is not recommanded. Indeed, if one starts with the FENE bond potential, they will see that LAMMPS crashes due to lost atoms or too long bonds. For this, it is better to bond the monomers in the helical confromation with the harmonic potential, relax such the single polymer with a Langevin thermosthat, and then dump out a data file of a relaxed conformation after, say, 100000 steps. This file is called **minimize_initial_config**. This first call of LAMMPS is done by the **minimize_initial_config.lmp**

Next, LAMMPS is called for the second time by **input.lmp**. In this call, the bond potenital is changed to FENE, crowders added (if needed) and then the system is equilibarted for another, say, 1000000 steps. Once the system is equilibrated, the production phase is done by running the system for 10^8 steps.